<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"	
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough">
	
	<h:head>
		<title>Beyond the Sea</title>
		<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="style.css"/>
		<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="bootstrap.min.css"/>
		<link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Charmonman' rel='stylesheet'/>
		<link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Bebas Neue' rel='stylesheet'/>
		<link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Cuprum' rel='stylesheet'/>
		<style>
		.active {
				  background-color: #96AFAF;
				  color: white;
				}
		.info {
		  padding-top: 50px;
		  padding-right: 30px;
		  padding-bottom: 50px;
		  padding-left: 80px;	  	
			}
		 .backcolor
		{
		 		  background-color: #DAFFFF;
	
		}
		.beauty {
    font-family: 'Charmonman';font-size: 50px;
}
.fsize	{
    			font-family: 'Bebas Neue';font-size: 59px;
				}
			p{
			font-family: 'Cuprum';font-size: 22px;
			}
		</style>
	</h:head>
	
	<h:body class="backcolor">
		<div class="topnav">
			  <a href="LandingPage.xhtml">Home</a>
			  <a href="register.xhtml">Register</a>
			  <a href="login.xhtml">Log-In</a>
			  <a href="info-page.xhtml">Information Page</a>
			  <a class="active" href="beyond-the-sea.xhtml">Beyond the Sea</a>
			  <a href="shop.xhtml">Fish Shop</a>
			  <a href="fundraising.xhtml">Fundraising</a>
			  <a href="AboutUs.xhtml">About Us</a>
			  <a href="user-profile.xhtml">Profile</a>
		</div>
		<div class="info">
		<h2 class="beauty">Behold, some of the beauty our country possess...</h2> <br/>	
		<fieldset>
			<h2 class="fsize">Tubbataha Reef</h2>
			<h:graphicImage library="images" name="1.jpg" width="1000px" style="margin-left: 200px;"/>
			<p></p>
			<p>Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park lies in a unique position in the middle of the Sulu Sea and is one of 
			the Philippines’ oldest ecosystems. It plays a key role in the process of reproduction, dispersal and 
			colonization by marine organisms in the whole Sulu Sea system, and helps support fisheries outside its 
			boundaries. The property is a natural laboratory for the study of ecological and biological processes, 
			displaying the ongoing process of coral reef formation, and supporting a large number of marine species 
			dependant on reef ecosystems. The presence of top predator species, such as tiger and hammerhead sharks, 
			are indicators of the ecological balance of the property. The property also offers a demonstration site 
			to study the responses of a natural reef system in relation to the impacts of climate change.<br/>
			<cite>Criterion ix, Tubbataha Reef cc UNESCO</cite></p>
			
			
			<h2 class="fsize">Apo Reef</h2>
			<h:graphicImage library="images" name="2.jpg" width="1000px" style="margin-left: 200px;"/>
			<p></p>
			<p>The Apo Reef, also considered as the second largest atoll-like reef in the Philippines comprises of 
			two isolated coral reefs that are disconnected by a 30-meter deep channel. The clear blue waters of the 
			channel are teeming with 285 species of colourful marine life, including tropical aquarium fish, snappers 
			and the crevice-dwelling moray. It is one best dive spots in the world, attracting hordes of divers all 
			the year round. The soft white sand and patches of fine corals, clearly visible through the crystal blue 
			waters, is truly an entrancing sight to behold.<br/><cite>FriendsofApoReef 2015</cite></p>
			
			
			<h2 class="fsize">Malapascua Island</h2>
			<h:graphicImage library="images" name="3.jpeg" width="1000px" style="margin-left: 200px;"/>
			<p></p>
			<p>An island barangay of the town of Daanbantayan, Malapascua is approximately five hours away from the 
			Cebu City. It boasts of world class diving spots and white sand beaches, making it a popular travel 
			destination for both local and foreign tourists, divers and non-divers alike. Malapascua Island is a 
			promise of a great dive and beach experience… worth the quite strenuous trip. So next time you visit Cebu, 
			head north and experience the sea, the sand and the sun of Malapascua.<br/><cite>Lakwatsero 2012</cite></p>
			
			
			<h2 class="fsize">Starfish Island</h2>
			<h:graphicImage library="images" name="4.jpg" width="1000px" style="margin-left: 200px;"/>
			<p></p>
			<p>Starfish Island was named so because of the abundance of the sea critter in the area. Travelers are not 
			prohibited from picking up the starfish, but they are still encouraged to handle these creatures with care. 
			Although the island's waters are clear enough to offer a view of the thriving marine life, it's advisable 
			to bring snorkelling gear when visiting Starfish Island to fully appreciate its colorful underwater 
			community composed of parrotfish, rabbitfish, and yellow tail fusilier, among others.<br/><cite>Explora</cite></p>
			
		</fieldset>
		<br/>
	</div>
	</h:body>
</html>